README.md, before:

# Lough Sheelin Boat tour

Lough Sheelin Boat tour is a website for a fictional tourism company which main purpose is offering boat tour of Lough Sheelin in county Cavan.

This website also makes you discover the local activities in the surrounding areas.

It was developped as part of the first project of the Diploma in Full Stack Software Development (E-commerce Applications) from Code Institute.

# Content

* [User Experience](#ux-user-experience)
* [Design](#design)
* [Features](#features)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Credits](#credits)

## UX (User Experience)

## Design

## Features

## Technologies Used

## Deployment
  * The website was deployed on GitHub Pages following these steps:
    
    1 - Login to Github account

    2 - in Settings, click on "pages" in code and automation section on Left menu

    3 - In the Source section, on the dropdown menu, select "deploy from a branch"

    4 - In the branch section, select "Main" on the dropdown menu, and set the folder to "root", then click on Save

    5 - The site is now deployed.

## Testing

## Credits
  * [Freepik.com](https://www.freepik.com) FavIcon taken from Freepik.com design from Mawadee https://www.freepik.com/icon/anchor_1167069

  * [Font awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) Anchor logo taken from Font Awesome

  * [Wikimedia.org](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lough_Sheelin_map.JPG) Map of Lough Sheelin taken from wikimedia, author: Piotr Miskowicz

Commit message:

docs: add am i responsive image and link to live website

README.md, after:

# Lough Sheelin Boat tour

Lough Sheelin Boat tour is a website for a fictional tourism company which main purpose is offering boat tour of Lough Sheelin in county Cavan.

This website also makes you discover the local activities in the surrounding areas.

It was developped as part of the first project of the Diploma in Full Stack Software Development (E-commerce Applications) from Code Institute.

![am i responsive](assets/readme-images/am-i-responsive.png)

Find the link to the live site here: [Lough Sheelin Boat Tour](https://cabillic.github.io/Lough-Sheelin-Boat-tour/)

# Content

* [User Experience](#ux-user-experience)
* [Design](#design)
* [Features](#features)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Testing](#testing)
* [Credits](#credits)

## UX (User Experience)

## Design

## Features

## Technologies Used

## Deployment
  * The website was deployed on GitHub Pages following these steps:
    
    1 - Login to Github account

    2 - in Settings, click on "pages" in code and automation section on Left menu

    3 - In the Source section, on the dropdown menu, select "deploy from a branch"

    4 - In the branch section, select "Main" on the dropdown menu, and set the folder to "root", then click on Save

    5 - The site is now deployed.

## Testing

## Credits
  * [Freepik.com](https://www.freepik.com) FavIcon taken from Freepik.com design from Mawadee https://www.freepik.com/icon/anchor_1167069

  * [Font awesome](https://fontawesome.com/) Anchor logo taken from Font Awesome

  * [Wikimedia.org](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lough_Sheelin_map.JPG) Map of Lough Sheelin taken from wikimedia, author: Piotr Miskowicz
